you
today we're cooking mussels I have got
see what this is life rope grown mussels
so what are we doing with mussels today
something in a tomato base that's all I
know I'm going to wing it and hopefully
you'll wing it right along with me first
thing I'm going to do get them out of
the package you can hear that seal you
don't want to unpack a cheese until the
day or the hour actually a minute you're
going to make them so I'm going to put
them in my strainer and I'm going to
make sure that these are very clean that
they're all closed and get rid of
anything that doesn't look right to me
so in they go once I get all these
cleaned and make sure that everything is
off them like these little these little
bits here want to make sure they're all
gone
cleaned and then we'll be back okay I'm
going to put some oil on the bottom
right pan get it nice and hot and I'm
going to put some let me see when I'm
going to put definitely put my red and
white onion in there for sure I just
look what yeah that much how much Oh
and I'm going to put fresh garlic a
tablespoon of fresh garlic I love garlic
and we're going to sweat that for a bit
and I'm Jessie don't want my garlic to
burn just want to release some of that
flavor so I'm going to go ahead and put
1 can of diced tomatoes in there liquid
it all and I'm gonna bring that up now
had all these muscles wanted to make
them in a black bean but I didn't have
the ingredients and don't have wine in
the house and I don't have beer in the
house and I don't have alcohol in the
house never do so I thought well I'm
gonna have to come up with something but
tomatoes because tomatoes
I have alcohol I don't why do you ask
because I'm I'm just a nerd we're going
to bring that up get it nice and hot and
I want that liquid in there because
that's what's going to steam the mussels
so I want that quite soupy
but I'm going to put some you see I have
red pepper I'm going to put a little bit
of red pepper in there just to kick it
up a little bit a little bit heat I'm
going to put some salt in there and some
pepper a lot of pepper and I'm going to
let those flavors just build alright put
in some green peppers
I don't want these to just melt down to
nothing so I'm going to add them now not
at the beginning
and you don't want this to be a really
super high boil when you put your
muscles in you just you want to steam
your muscles you don't want to boil all
your muscles now I made sure that these
are super clean took out any of the ones
that were we're open anything that
looked a little funny to me just tossed
it and there was only three of them turn
that up to maybe six without pretty
quick so I'm going to turn that up and
I'm just going to mix them around turn
that up for sure seven in half I put a
lid on it clear lid is great because
then you can see when they're open when
they're open they're done you don't want
to overdo your muscles they'll get
rubbery like an elastic band when
they're done we'll be back all right
let's take a look take the
careful my friends ow oh wow oh that is
beautiful
perfect let's take this off the heat and
let's go make it's finished I'm going to
put some I'm so excited I'm going to put
some pasta on the bottom any kind of
pasta would be great oh this looks so
good oh and this is pretty heavy so I'm
going to have to put it kinda like this
and spoon this beautiful ruffle I mean
look at this before I even take it out
of the pan look how beautiful that is
Oh to die for so I'm going to put some
mussels on the top and it may look like
a lot but there's a lot of shell and
that beautiful juice from the mussels
comes out in the tomato oh it's so good
I oh I could eat this every day you
don't even have to have pasta on this
you're going to get with bread French
roll anything what beautiful dinner and
in no time and I'm going to put a little
bit of fresh sorry umm home dried
parsley on here curly parsley oh my
goodness that almost looks too beautiful
to eat but I'm gonna include anyway look
at how beautiful
mussels and tomato sauce I suppose you
can call it lovely just with ingredients
that you have around the house no why no
beer nothing fancy just stuff in your
cover now that is an excellent idea and
I have to try this because that I can't
wait oh my goodness that is so good
oh you have to try that till next time
Hado
you